---
title: DBG acquires controlling interest in VUES Brno
date: 2006-04-26
originalUrl: https://www.arxequity.com/4-2/
image:
---

Czech specialized electric motors manufacturer, VUES Brno a.s. (“VUES”), has been acquired by DBG Eastern Europe II, LP (“DBG”). On April 26, 2006, DBG completed an LBO of a 80% shareholding in VUES through takeover of VUES’ parent ES Brno, s.r.o. Two members of the VUES senior management team have partnered with DBG in the transaction. The transaction size was not disclosed.

VUES, a former electrical machines research institute, is a Czech design, development and production company with focus on high-quality electric motors made to custom specifications. VUES’ clients further integrate its motors into equipment for industries such as robotics, logistics and packaging, electronic assembly, automotive industry, energy or traction.

„We were impressed by the achievements of VUES, which over the past 15 years evolved from a research institute into a dynamic and successful commercial organization while keeping and further developing its technical competence. We have invested in the company with a view to further expand VUES’ position in the industry, primarily through organic growth,” said Jaroslav Horak, a Partner at DBG.

Jiri Havelka, General Manager of VUES stated, „We will continue to develop and supply high-quality products for European markets. With the backing of a strong financial investor we intend to increase the range of our customers and further expand our market position.”
