---
title: "Companies controlled by DBG merged: Erigs S.A. and Eurofilms S.A"
date: 2007-07-02
originalUrl: https://www.arxequity.com/companies-controlled-by-dbg-merged-erigs-s-a-and-eurofilms-s-a/
image:
---

Merger of companies controlled by DBG Eastern Europe II LP: Ergis S.A. and Eurofilms S.A. (the latter quoted on the Warsaw Stock Exchange) is a fact. The Court registered the merger on 29 June. In effect it was created one of the largest plastic processing companies in Central Eastern Europe, with the total annual net revenue surpassing PLN 390 M.

On 29 June 2007, the Warsaw District Court registered the merger of Eurofilms S.A., the leading manufacturer of stretch films in Poland, producer of thermo-shrinking PVC films and distributor of BOPP films and PET tapes, with the Company’s majority shareholder – Ergis S.A. – the largest in Poland and the leading in Central Eastern Europe manufacturer of PVC based products (films, compounds, wallpapers, wall panels and windowsills). The merger was approved by shareholders of Eurofilms and of Ergis at their respective general meetings in May. The new entity is operating under the name Ergis-Eurofilms S.A. The leading shareholder of the merged entity is Finergis Investments Ltd, which in turn is controlled by DBG Eastern Europe II LP.

Strategic development objective of the merged companies is to strengthen its leading position in manufacturing of films and processing plastic in Central Eastern Europe.

Jacek Korpala, Partner at DBG, said: „We are glad that it was possible to effect the merger efficiently, fast and with support of the companies’ shareholders. We are looking forward for further fast development of the merged companies, both organically and through acquisitions. We believe that Ergis-Eurofilms S.A. will be a fruitful investment for all of its shareholders.”
