---
title: ARX supports its portfolio company Lexum in the acquisition of Intermedica
date: 2010-01-21
originalUrl: https://www.arxequity.com/arx-supports-its-portfolio-company-lexum-in-the-acquisition-of-intermedica/
image:
---

On January 21, 2010, the Lexum Group of companies, backed by ARX Equity Partners (“ARX”), completed the add-on acquisition of a 100% ownership interest in Intermedica. Intermedica was sold by Transmedica A/S. ARX has held a controlling stake in the Lexum Group since April 2009, when the company was acquired in partnership with the founder, Professor Martin Filipec.

Lexum is the leading player in the ophthalmology market in the Czech Republic. Lexum currently operates clinics in Prague, Ostrava, České Budějovice and Brno. In 2009, Lexum successfully performed over 12,000 cataract operations and over 5,000 laser refractive corrective procedures. Lexum is the clear Central European eye surgery market leader, both in terms of medical reputation and size.

Intermedica is the largest chain of private ophthalmology clinics in Poland. Intermedica operates clinics in Krakow, Poznan and Szczecin. Laser refractive corrections and cataract operations are performed in each of the clinic. Intermedica successfully performed a total of more than 3,700 ophthalmological surgical procedures in 2009.

Brian Wardrop, Co-Managing Partner, ARX commented:
„The ARX Warsaw office was a key catalyst for the origination and execution of Lexum’s acquisition of Intermedica. The transaction is representative of the firm’s ability to leverage its local presence throughout CEE.

ARX is delighted to be supporting Lexum’s strategic objective to grow and consolidate a leading position in the CEE ophthalmology market. The opportunities for knowledge sharing between the medical teams in the Czech Republic and Poland will enhance the group’s ability to provide superior eye care to patients in both countries.”

Financial details of the transaction were not disclosed.
