---
title: ARX Equity Partners invests in Fincentrum a.s.
date: 2013-04-05
originalUrl: https://www.arxequity.com/arx-equity-partners-invests-in-fincentrum-a-s/
image: news/2013-04-05.png
---

ARX Equity Partners (“ARX”) completed the acquisition of a majority stake in Fincentrum a.s. alongside Capital Dynamics (independent global asset manager with USD 17 billion under management) and Lubor Žalman (former CEO of Raiffeisen Czech Republic). Fincentrum is one of the leading independent financial intermediaries (“IFA”) in the Czech Republic and Slovakia.

Fincentrum (www.fincentrum.com) strives to be the best distribution partner for banks and insurance companies, and operates in a rapidly growing market driven by higher penetration of financial products and the rising importance of the IFA distribution channel. The founders of Fincentrum, Martin Nejedlý and Petr Stuchlík, will remain as significant minority shareholders in the company and will continue to manage the business going forward. Lubor Žalman will become Fincentrum’s Chairman of the Supervisory Board.

„In my own as well as ARX’ and Capital Dynamics’ opinion, Fincentrum possesses the greatest potential for future growth of all companies operating in the industry in the Czech Republic and Slovakia. Martin and Petr have managed to build truly an excellent company that relies on quality and innovation as the key pillars for future development. The financial investors and I feel honored to have the opportunity to join their efforts.” said Lubor Žalman.

Fincentrum’s 2012 consolidated sales exceeded CZK 1.2 billion. Financial details of the transaction were not disclosed.
