---
title: ARX Equity Partners acquires Slovenian healthcare provider
date: 2015-03-16
originalUrl: https://www.arxequity.com/arx-equity-partners-acquires-slovenian-healthcare-provider-3/
image:
---

ARX Equity Partners (“ARX”) together with experienced healthcare investor Joseph Priel, completed the 100% buy-out of Slovenian healthcare services provider, Diagnosticni Center Bled doo (“DCB”; www.dc-bled.si). Details of the transaction were not disclosed.

DCB is the largest private healthcare service provider in Slovenia. The Company provides comprehensive outpatient and inpatient medical services in four locations. DCB performs more than 20,000 specialist examinations each year, primarily in the areas of gastroenterology and urology. ARX acquired DCB in order to utilize its robust existing business as a platform to further consolidate and grow its leading position in the Slovenian diagnostics sector.

Priel and his operating team will take an active, hands-on role in monitoring DCB and contributing to the value creation process. Priel founded Euromedic International in the early 1990s, which completed more than 100 acquisitions while working with multiple international private equity firms including GE Equity, Warburg Pincus and Montagu. Priel commented on the DCB opportunity, „We believe that DCB is ideally positioned to leverage its strong brand and market leadership to achieve growth through operating initiatives, new service offerings and add-on acquisitions.”

ARX Partner Bela Lendvai-Lintner added, „We are pleased to acquire DCB, which has an excellent reputation for quality patient care and a superb medical team.” Lendvai-Lintner went on to state that DCB is the fourth ARX acquisition in Slovenia, as the firm has previously acquired Donit Tesnit in 2006, Tomplast in 2007 and its add-on Unitplast in 2008.

DCB is the second ARX healthcare services buy-and-build transaction. ARX previously acquired Lexum – a Czech operator of ophthalmology clinics – which later completed a complementary add-on in Poland. Lexum was ultimately exited to strategic investor, Optegra.
