---
title: ARX has completed the exit of its Kakadu investment
date: 2015-01-15
originalUrl: https://www.arxequity.com/arx-has-completed-the-exit-kakadu-investment/
image:
---

Placek Holding and Stephon Holdings Limited announced today the signing of an agreement according to which Super Zoo has acquired Kakadu. The transaction includes transfer of 100% of shares.

Stephon Holdings is controlled by private equity funds managed by ARX Equity Partners. Stephon Holdings invested in Kakadu in March 2009, supporting its organic expansion in the following years. Today the company operates 41 specialized pet product stores in Poland and is leading this market segment. Kakadu took over Telekarma in 2011, obtaining a strong position on the Polish pet products internet sales market.

“Placek Holding is constantly investing in building its retail business in Central and Eastern Europe and is looking for new market opportunities. This is a valuable acquisition for us, having a well-established position in the Czech Republic, Slovakia and Latvia, Kakadu and Telekarma will benefit from Placek Holding’s marketing strengths and resources,” said Dusan Placek, the sole owner of Placek Holding.

“I view the transaction as recognition of the long term successful work of Kakadu employees in building strong position on the Polish market. I am convinced that Super Zoo will benefit from those efforts and further expand Kakadu and Telekarma. Becoming part of Placek Holding will strengthen leading position of Kakadu on the Polish market and will allow for its further, stable development,” commented Wojciech Filipczyk, ex CEO of Kakadu.

TPA Horwath Corporate Finances.r.o.(Czech Republic) was the leading buy-side advisory to Placek Holding.
