---
title: ARX Equity Partners Exits DC Bled for 3.6x
date: 2020-03-26
originalUrl: https://www.arxequity.com/arx-equity-partners-exits-dc-bled-for-3-6x/
image: news/2020-03-26.jpg
---

ARX Equity Partners (“ARX”), a private equity firm with a 20-year track record supporting the growth and development of mid-sized companies in Central Europe, has today completed the sale of its investment in Slovenian healthcare services provider, Diagnosticni Center Bled doo (“DCB”).

The divestment has generated an overall 3.6x cash-on-cash return multiple and an IRR exceeding 25%.

DCB has been acquired by a joint venture involving Sava Re and Triglav, two of Slovenia’s largest insurance companies. The takeover of DC Bled represents an important step for Sava Re and Triglav respectively towards the implementation of their strategic expansion into the Slovenian private health services market.

Headquartered in Bled, DCB is the largest private healthcare service provider in Slovenia. The Company provides comprehensive outpatient and inpatient medical services across six locations. DCB performs more than 20,000 specialist examinations per annum, primarily in the areas of gastroenterology, urology and MRI.

ARX acquired DCB in 2015 to develop its already robust business and best-in-class, specialist medical capabilities as a platform to further consolidate and grow its market leading position in the Slovenian diagnostics sector. This objective was successfully achieved during the period of ARX ownership with four strategic add-on acquisitions completed and the company doubling in size.

ARX classifies Slovenia as one if its core Central European focus markets. ARX’s track-record for the geography includes several successful Slovenian investments that have led to three profitable exits over the past decade.
