---
title: ARX Equity Partners nominated for the Central and Eastern Europe Deal of the Year Award and the Nagrody PSIK Private Equity Deal of the Year Award
date: 2020-05-15
originalUrl: https://www.arxequity.com/arx-equity-partners-nominated-for-the-central-and-eastern-europe-deal-of-the-year-award-and-the-nagrody-psik-private-equity-deal-of-the-year-award/
image: news/2020-05-15.png
---

ARX Equity Partners has been selected as a finalist for the second consecutive year for the Real Deals Central and Eastern Europe Deal of the Year Award for portfolio company Anwis. Last year, ARX Equity Partners won the Central and Eastern Europe Deal of the Year Award for VUES. Finalists for the Deal of the Year awards are established through research undertaken by Real Deals, in association with Cass Business School and Preqin.

Additionally, ARX Equity Partners has been nominated for the Polish Private Equity Association “Nagrody PSIK” Private Equity Deal of the Year for Anwis. The aim of Nagrody PSIK is to recognize private equity and venture capital fund managers, advisors, banks and law firms for their achievements on the Polish private equity market.

ARX acquired a majority shareholding in Poland-headquartered Anwis from the retiring founder in 2014, with the intention to leverage the company’s technical capabilities, strong domestic market position, wide product range and advanced internet-based ordering solutions in order to grow and internationalize the business. This strategy positioned the company to benefit from the fast growth of the e-commerce channel in key export markets of Germany and the Netherlands. Over the past five years ANWIS retained its profit margins, while consistently growing sales and more than doubling headcount. The realization of this strategy proved Anwis is one of the leading manufacturers of window coverings and related components in Europe. The ARX investment in Anwis was exited via a sale of the company to Warema Group, a leading global player in the sun protection segment, in August 2019.
